write a project onboarding for centralized rag system. 
As part of this we are going to have the centralized workflow but based  on the rag onboarding configurations we will customised the pipeline.

functionality:
 1) create a project
 2) start onboarding the RAG's
  2.1) start knowledge base processing pipeline
    2.1.1) write a api that can configure the document processing pipeline. Here uses can select the document processing strategies like hybrid rag, context retrival and so on. All these configurations will be stored in the database.
    2.1.2) when ever we want to add new strategy we need to update the database with the new strategy.
    2.1.3) update the workflow(manually) based on the strategy selected.  (This will be done manually)
  2.2) start query processing pipeline
    2.2.1) write a api that can configure the query processing pipeline. Here uses can select the query processing strategies like retrival verification, knowledge base verification, cross encoder reranking, self rag, hybrid rag, context retrival and so on. All these configurations will be stored in the database.
    2.2.2) when ever we want to add new strategy we need to update the database with the new strategy.
    2.2.3) update the workflow(manually) based on the strategy selected.  (This will be done manually)
  2.3) need an api that can track user activity meaning who ran rag what is thw workflow configuration and also the session id that is used to run the rag.
  2.4) need to write an api that can keep track of tokens used by each agent in a session and workflow level.
  2.5) need to write api for tool integration so that we can feed the worflow configurtions to agents.
  2.6) create a api for saving the vector db data collection name, list of metadata saved in vector db at worflow level. there are chances that worflow can have multiple data colections and their respective metadata list.
  2.7) write a api for getting the vector db data collection name, list of metadata saved in vector db at worflow level.



Note: 1. Each project can have multiple workflows and each workflow can have multiple knowledge base and query processing strategies for pipelines.
2. Each workflow can have multiple sessions and we want to keep track of each and every session and workflow.

    